DOC-3746 Added release notes for Log4j to business network membership. (#490)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.6/open-source/business-network-membership.md

title: Managing Business Network membership
---

# Business Network membership management V1.0.1

This Corda platform extension allows you to create and manage business networks - as a node operator, this means you can define and create a logical network based on a set of common CorDapps as well as a shared business context.

Corda nodes outside of your business network are not aware of its members. The network can be split into subgroups or membership lists which allows for further privacy (members of a group only know about those in their group).

In a business network, there is at least one *authorised member*. This member has sufficient permissions to execute management operations over the network and its members.

{{< warning >}}

> It is possible for an authorised member - such as the Business Network Operator - to remove permissions from itself, potentially leaving the network in a state where no member can perform management operations. In such a case, permissions can be granted back by other members who are authorised to do so. If there are none left, there is no way of recovering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible for an authorized member - such as the Business Network Operator - to remove permissions from itself, potentially leaving the network in a state where no member can perform management operations. In such a case, permissions can be granted back by other members who are authorized to do so. If there are no authorized members left, there is no way to recover management operations permissions.
```
Rephrased a bit here but don't have super strong feelings about it.

{{< /warning >}}

## Release notes: version 1.0.1

> Apache Log4j dependency has been updated to version 2.16.0. This is to prevent exposure to security issues raised with earlier versions of Log4j 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache Log4j dependency has been updated to version 2.16.0. This is to prevent exposure to security issues raised with earlier versions of Log4j.
```
Is this supposed to be Log4j 2? I think I've been writing Log4j everywhere, but I may be wrong.
